Add flutter example (#281)
meilisearch/meilisearch-dart: example/README.md

# Examples

### Pure Dart

> a very basic dart example 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pure Dart example, to showcase basic features of the SDK like searching and indexing.
```

[Jump to source](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-dart/tree/main/example/dart_example)

### Flutter

> a somewhat advanced flutter app showing usage similar to production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flutter example app that showcases a usage similar to production, like highlighting, indexing, searching, and different pagination styles.
```
